# CoventryUniversityPATS
University Project

University Project
This project was created with the aim to help all the student and lecturers from universities, with this app, it would be possible to have everything we need in just one place. The Timetable, Attendance Tracker and a way to communicate between the lectures and students. This app would permit the student to scan in by reading a QR Code that is generated by the lecturer through the app, so like this is another method to scan in.

In order to develop this project, we decided to create an Android APP using android studio and JAVA to program it.
Our final application has the login page where the user will log in, and depending on if it is a student or staff, it will be redirected to the respective interface. On the student side, it is possible to check the timetable, the personal attendance, if there is any update that any lecturer made such as news or if a class got cancelled and to scan into the class using the QR Code reader. On the other side, the staff side it is possible to generate new updates, check the timetable, check the overall attendance of the students, generate the QR Code for the student to scan in order to check into the class and finally it is possible to register a new student.

To develop this project, I used Android Studio, the programming languages that I used were: Java PHP SQL I also improved my skill using JSON and learned how to use SharedPreferences API.
The methodology chosen by us in order to develop this project was Agile Scrum.

The following images show the final product aspect.
